school dataset:

from http://www.jmlr.org/papers/volume4/bakker03a/bakker03a.pdf:
a. This data set, made available by the Inner London Education Authority (ILEA), consists of examination records from
139 secondary schools in years 1985, 1986 and 1987. It is a random 50% sample with
15362 students. The data set has been used to study the effectiveness of schools. A file containing the database
can be downloaded from the ‘Multilevel Page’ (http://multilevel.ioe.ac.uk/intro/datasets.html).
See also Mortimore et al. (1988).

Each task in this setting is to predict exam scores for students in one school, based on eight inputs. The
first four inputs (year of the exam, gender, VR band and ethnic group) are student-dependent, the next four
(percentage of students eligible for free school meals, percentage of students in VR band one, school gender
(mixed or (fe)male only) and school denomination) are school-dependent. The categorical variables (year,
ethnic group and school denomination) were split up in binary variables, one for each category, making a new
total of 16 student-dependent inputs, and six school-dependent inputs. We scaled each covariate and output
to have zero mean and unit variance. All performance measures are obtained after making 10 independent
random splits of each school’s data (covariates and corresponding responses) into a ‘training set’ (containing
on average 80 samples), used both for fitting the shared parameters and computing the MAP hidden-to-output
weights, and a ‘test set’ (comprised of the remaining samples, 30 on average) for assessing the generalization
performance.

from http://ttic.uchicago.edu/~argyriou/papers/mtl_feat.pdf :

. The input consists
of the year of the examination (YR), 4 school-specific and 3 studentspecific attributes. Attributes which are constant in each school in a
certain year are: percentage of students eligible for free school meals,
percentage of students in VR band one (highest band in a verbal reasoning test), school gender (S.GN.) and school denomination (S.DN.).
Student-specific attributes are: gender (GEN), VR band (can take the
values 1,2 or 3) and ethnic group (ETH). Following [21], we replaced
categorical attributes (that is, all attributes which are not percentages)
with one binary variable for each possible attribute value. In total, we
obtained 27 attributes. We also found that results were similar with
and without a bias term.

Explained variance is defined as one minus the mean squared test error over the
total variance of the data (computed within each task) and indicates
the percentage of variance explained by the prediction model